---
layout: post
title: My Technical Skills
---

# C++

My first exposure to coding was with C++. I believe that most people start off with Java but C++ is what the Notre Dame curriculum deemed to be the appropriate language to start with. I had zero prior knowledge to programming when I decided to major in computer science but I somehow made it through. Two years later, I am now grateful to have started with an OOP such as C++ because it was a very difficult language for me to grasp at the time. Most of my projects tend to be written in C++.

# C

I have 6 months of experience with C which puts me somewhere between beginner and intermediate. I was exposed to C as a way to learn system calls and the relationship between a client and a server. In all honesty, I am not completely sure I understand now but I did learn how powerful C is. 

# Python

Python was probably the easiest language for me to learn and also the most useful. I've been using it for about 8 months and put myself on an intermediate level. With python, I've worked on projects that range from school assignments to personal projects. It has quickly become my go-to language because of its simplicity and how it can be used on a wide range of things. 

# HTML & CSS

I am a self-taught wanna-be web developer. I've always wanted to my personal website and doing so has exposed me to some HTML and CSS. I still consider myself a beginner because I only know what I needed for my personal website and never pushed it further. 

# Conclusion

Although I consider myself to have a wide range of languages under my belt, I know for a fact that I will never stop learning new languages as I encounter different challenges. One thing school has taught me is how to learn and I am forever grateful for that. There is always going to be something new under the sun but I do not shy away from the unknown as I did when I started computer science. I've built the confidence to know that I will figure something out, even when I don't know where to even start. I really love that nothing is stand-still or autonomous in the world of tech and it makes everything so much more exciting! 